admin and adminpassword 
fueler and fuelerpassword

Tables:
Unit one table
    Notes table (dynamic table which can be edit and move using bootstrap)
    table information for displaying, editing, and deleting
        Button for adding notes will open smaller pop up windown in the page to add a new aircraft note and all its related data.
        
        Tail Number: a letter numeric value input such as, N123AB , XAMEF, C6ACS
        Status: selectable options; 
            incoming, departing, quickturn, Off-Ramp, standby, maintanice, overnight.
            when in incoming or off-ramp selectide it will be a link redirect to tracking webpages when click 
        Service Time: display the relevant time based on status.
            status; what to display
            incoming; estimated time of arrival(ETA)
            departing; departure time
            quickturn; ETA 
            off ramp; last departure date 
            standby; following departure date
            maintanice; following departure date
            overnight; estimatited time of departure (for the following date)
        Location: selectable options
            Hanger; 1, 2, 3, and 4 (display as H1, H2...)
            Storage; R(row)1, R5, R6, Tie-Down, Gama.
            Active Rows-Spots: 2-1 to 2-5, 3-1 to 3-5, 4-1 to 4-4.
            Others: Off-Ramp, Customs, NetJets, H1-East, H1-West, R1|R2, R2|R3, R3|R4, R4|SR, HS|R5, R5|R6.
        Aircraft Model: manual input alpha numerica value
        Estimated date and time of arrival: date and time values
        Estimated date and time of departure: data and time values or will advise blank mode
        Passenger: number value
        Transportation: selectable value;
            Driver, Personal, Ride-share, Rental, self arrenged, none, and other(with input for short notes)
        Fuel: display (qty)(format)(type)
            Quantity (qty); numeric value
            Format; pounds(LBs), Kilograms(KGs), Gallons (Gs)
            Type; Jet-A Negative(Jet-), Jet-A Positive (Jet+) and Avgas (Av)
        Lav: selectible options; display (statust)(Type)
            status: None, Fwr, aft, fwr & aft, completed
            type: full, dump, or rinse
            gallons: numeric number
        water service: status; active, completed.
        GPU: stage, active, completed.
        catering: status (active, completed), cat number 
        Paper, ice and/or coffee(PIC):PIC, PI, PC, IC, I, P, note(short note input)
        Customer Type: Based tenant, signature status(silver, gold, platinum) 
        Oil: status; display (status)(type)(qty)
        Ladder: Active, completed
        vacuum: Active, Completed
        Other services: small note input
        Notes: small note input 
        Note ID: unique Identifier(for multiple notes on same customer)
        Action: row for button to modify or delete the individual aircraft note.

Dispatch interactive table
    unit one tables but only for viewing 
selectable services Display Table
    tables for displaying services by type 
Fuel Truck "jet-A/Av-gas" Table
    Jet-A Table
    Title: Fuel Unit Balancing and Reconcilliation Record 
    QC and Truck info data input rows: 
        Differential Pressure(PSI)-number 
        GPM-number
        nozzle pressure-number
        PreCheck-S, inclomplete
        capacity-7000, 5000, 1000
        Fuel Type- Jet-A, AVGas, Auto and Diesel
        Unit #-number
        Date-date.
    Individual Fueling rows:
        ASR/Ticket Number- Numeric value 
        Customer- Retail, Signature.
        A/C Type- alpha numeric values, prop, jet
        Tail #- alpha numeric values
        Meter #1- numeric
        gallons(Meter 1)- numeric
        Meter #2- numeric
        Gallons (meter 2)- numeric
        Total Gallons - GM1 + GM2
        Into Unit - Numeric 
        Running Balance - Numeric
        Prist- Yes, No
        Fueler- Initial Letter input
        On Time- time
        Off Time- time
    Staring and Ending data rows:
        Start Meter 1 - Numeric
        Start Meter 2- Numeric
        meter total 1- numeric calculated
        meter total 2- numeric calculated
        Begining Balance - Numeric
        Filled- Numeric calculated
        Pumped- Numeric Calaulated
        Sumped- numeric
        Book Inventory- numeric calculated
        Physical Inventory- Numeric
        Varianc- Numeric calculated
        Initials- Letters 
    Table features:
        Sump input
        QC Daily Check
        Add Fueling 
        Daily Closing and Review
       
Fuel Farm " " Table

Auto Tank Table

Diesel Tank Table 

Utilities and features.
    the table will display daily information with the ability to choose other dates. 
    above the table will dispay Unit One:name Date:current date on a date selector; and a table selector with the notes table being the defualt.
    dark mode swich at the bottom of the page.
    dynamic table searching, sorting, pagination .
    fit for phone and tablets. 
    tracking aircraft search options that open or redirect to a tracking website for airport or individual aircraft.
Admin Dashboard